research_log.rst, before:

Research Log
=============

Requirements
-------------
As required by 3980 Assignment 2FA12.pdf:

UNO Databases
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Data base(s) you used
* Search terms you used
* Number of articles yielded at each step
* Article availability (discussed below)

Internet Searches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* The search engine you used.
* Key words or phrases you used
* The resulting numbers of web sites.
* The web sites you selected, giving their name and URLs. The
  URL, which is the Internet address, is not necessarily the name.
  And the URL is not a correct citation in text.

Preliminary Research
---------------------
Conducted September 16, 2012

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* 3 journal articles with proper citations
* 4 web sites (.gov, .org, .edu, .com)

Journal Articles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Database, Search Terms, # Articles, UNO Availability

UNOmaha Criss Library Journal Search, [online learning], 4 journals::

    Journal of Interactive Online Learning
    Journal of Online Learning and Teaching
    Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning (ELML), International
        Conference on
    Online journal of distance learning administration

UNOmaha Criss Library Journal Search, [educational technology], 15
journals::

    Australasian journal of educational technology
    British journal of educational technology  (0007-1013)
    Cabell's directory of publishing opportunities in educational technology and library science
    Contemporary educational technology  (1309-517X)
    Educational and Information Technology (ICEIT), International Conference on
    Educational media and technology yearbook  (8755-2094)
    Educational technology  (0013-1962)
    Educational technology & society  (1176-3647)
    Educational technology research and development  (1042-1629)
    Information and Communication Technology in Educational Sciences  (2228-5318)
    International Journal of Educational Research and Technology  (0976-4089)
    Journal of educational technology systems  (0047-2395)
    Journal of the Research Center for Educational Technology  (1948-075X)
    TOJET the Turkish online journal of educational technology
    World Journal on Educational Technology  (1309-1506)


Academic Search Premier (EBSCO), [SU: online learning], 1 result

Academic Search Premier (EBSCO), [AB: online learning], 4543::

    Shaw, R.-S. (2012). A study of the relationships among learning styles, participation types, and performance in programming language learning supported by online forums. Computers & Education, 58(1), 111–120. doi:10.1016/j.compedu.2011.08.013

    Shum, S. B., & Ferguson, R. (2012). Social Learning Analytics. Journal of Educational Technology & Society, 15(3), 3–26.

Business Source Premier (EBSCO), [online training], 4708 ::

    Wan, Z., Compeau, D., & Haggerty, N. (2012). The Effects of Self-Regulated Learning Processes on E-Learning Outcomes in Organizational Settings. Journal of Management Information Systems, 29(1), 307–340.

    Chio, K. S. (2012). Effective practices in providing online, in-service training to health professionals in low-resource settings. International Journal of Training & Development, 16(3), 228–234. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2419.2012.00406.x

    Kamenetz, A. (2012). The Coursera Effect. Fast Company, (168), 98–118.


Web Sites
~~~~~~~~~
Search Engine, Search Terms, Result Count

Google, [Online Learning], 861,000,000 ::

    Means, B., Yukie Toyama, B. A., Murphy, Robert, Bakia, M., & Jones, K. (2010). Evaluation of Evidence-based Practices in Online Learning. Evaluation. Retrieved from http://www2.ed.gov/rschstat/eval/tech/evidence-based-practices/finalreport.pdf


Google, ["Against School"], 715,000 ::

    Gatto, J. T. (2003, September). Against School - John Taylor Gatto. Harper’s Magazine. Retrieved from http://www.wesjones.com/gatto1.htm


Harpers Magazine Search, [against school gatto], 8 ::

    Gatto, J. T. (2003, September). Against school: How public education cripples our kids, and why. Harpers Magazine, 32–38.


Google, [inurl:.edu online learning analytics], 63,900 ::

    Stein, Z. (2012, August 13). Learning Analytics and the Learning Sciences. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://www.educause.edu/node/267647

Bing, [coursera], 506,000 ::

    Pedagogy. (n.d.).Coursera. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://www.coursera.org/

Google, [edx.org], 2,600,000 ::

    About edX. (n.d.). Retrieved September 16, 2012, from https://www.edx.org/about

Yahoo, [opencourseware], 54,700,000 ::

    About OCW. (n.d.).MIT OpenCourseWare. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://ocw.mit.edu/about/

Wikipedia, [self directed learning], 1 ::

    Wikipedia contributors. (2012, September 16). Autodidacticism. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autodidacticism

Wikipedia, [wikipedia accuracy], 1 ::

    Wikipedia contributors. (2012, September 13). Reliability of Wikipedia. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliability_of_Wikipedia

ASk.com, [openbadges], ?? ::

    About OpenBadges. (n.d.).Open Badges. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://openbadges.org/en-US/about.html

Commit message:

Updated research_log.rst: Added note regarding library availability

research_log.rst, after:

Research Log
=============

Requirements
-------------
As required by 3980 Assignment 2FA12.pdf:

UNO Databases
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Data base(s) you used
* Search terms you used
* Number of articles yielded at each step
* Article availability (discussed below)

Internet Searches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* The search engine you used.
* Key words or phrases you used
* The resulting numbers of web sites.
* The web sites you selected, giving their name and URLs. The
  URL, which is the Internet address, is not necessarily the name.
  And the URL is not a correct citation in text.

Preliminary Research
---------------------
Conducted September 16, 2012

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* 3 journal articles with proper citations
* 4 web sites (.gov, .org, .edu, .com)

Journal Articles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Database, Search Terms, # Articles, UNO Availability

UNOmaha Criss Library Journal Search, [online learning], 4 journals::

    Journal of Interactive Online Learning
    Journal of Online Learning and Teaching
    Mobile, Hybrid, and On-line Learning (ELML), International
        Conference on
    Online journal of distance learning administration

UNOmaha Criss Library Journal Search, [educational technology], 15
journals::

    Australasian journal of educational technology
    British journal of educational technology  (0007-1013)
    Cabell's directory of publishing opportunities in educational technology and library science
    Contemporary educational technology  (1309-517X)
    Educational and Information Technology (ICEIT), International Conference on
    Educational media and technology yearbook  (8755-2094)
    Educational technology  (0013-1962)
    Educational technology & society  (1176-3647)
    Educational technology research and development  (1042-1629)
    Information and Communication Technology in Educational Sciences  (2228-5318)
    International Journal of Educational Research and Technology  (0976-4089)
    Journal of educational technology systems  (0047-2395)
    Journal of the Research Center for Educational Technology  (1948-075X)
    TOJET the Turkish online journal of educational technology
    World Journal on Educational Technology  (1309-1506)


Academic Search Premier (EBSCO), [SU: online learning], 1 result

Academic Search Premier (EBSCO), [AB: online learning], 4543::

    Shaw, R.-S. (2012). A study of the relationships among learning styles, participation types, and performance in programming language learning supported by online forums. Computers & Education, 58(1), 111–120. doi:10.1016/j.compedu.2011.08.013

    Shum, S. B., & Ferguson, R. (2012). Social Learning Analytics. Journal of Educational Technology & Society, 15(3), 3–26.

Business Source Premier (EBSCO), [online training], 4708 ::

    Wan, Z., Compeau, D., & Haggerty, N. (2012). The Effects of Self-Regulated Learning Processes on E-Learning Outcomes in Organizational Settings. Journal of Management Information Systems, 29(1), 307–340.

    Chio, K. S. (2012). Effective practices in providing online, in-service training to health professionals in low-resource settings. International Journal of Training & Development, 16(3), 228–234. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2419.2012.00406.x

    Kamenetz, A. (2012). The Coursera Effect. Fast Company, (168), 98–118.

UNO Criss Library Availability
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
All of the above journal articles are available either in hardcopy,
web-based fulltext, or web-based PDF form.


Web Sites
~~~~~~~~~
Search Engine, Search Terms, Result Count

Google, [Online Learning], 861,000,000 ::

    Means, B., Yukie Toyama, B. A., Murphy, Robert, Bakia, M., & Jones, K. (2010). Evaluation of Evidence-based Practices in Online Learning. Evaluation. Retrieved from http://www2.ed.gov/rschstat/eval/tech/evidence-based-practices/finalreport.pdf


Google, ["Against School"], 715,000 ::

    Gatto, J. T. (2003, September). Against School - John Taylor Gatto. Harper’s Magazine. Retrieved from http://www.wesjones.com/gatto1.htm


Harpers Magazine Search, [against school gatto], 8 ::

    Gatto, J. T. (2003, September). Against school: How public education cripples our kids, and why. Harpers Magazine, 32–38.


Google, [inurl:.edu online learning analytics], 63,900 ::

    Stein, Z. (2012, August 13). Learning Analytics and the Learning Sciences. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://www.educause.edu/node/267647

Bing, [coursera], 506,000 ::

    Pedagogy. (n.d.).Coursera. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://www.coursera.org/

Google, [edx.org], 2,600,000 ::

    About edX. (n.d.). Retrieved September 16, 2012, from https://www.edx.org/about

Yahoo, [opencourseware], 54,700,000 ::

    About OCW. (n.d.).MIT OpenCourseWare. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://ocw.mit.edu/about/

Wikipedia, [self directed learning], 1 ::

    Wikipedia contributors. (2012, September 16). Autodidacticism. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autodidacticism

Wikipedia, [wikipedia accuracy], 1 ::

    Wikipedia contributors. (2012, September 13). Reliability of Wikipedia. Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reliability_of_Wikipedia

ASk.com, [openbadges], ?? ::

    About OpenBadges. (n.d.).Open Badges. Retrieved September 16, 2012, from http://openbadges.org/en-US/about.html
